Uh, Jeremy.
>> Yes.
>> So, is there a way that I can structure
it to where
um my twin can easily toggle between
Spanish and English?
>> Sure. There sure is. Absolutely. So,
what you'll So, what you'll do with that
is So, let me
let me do this.
I'm going to
um
looking for something.
I have so many files. Uh, all right. I
keep finding. Yep. So, the way that you
would want to do that, let me go back to
sharing that screen.
All right. So, when you're in here,
you would just tell it
um, and you want to be specific with
with another language. So if like it's
Spanish, you can let it know, give me
this in
Cuban Spanish.
And now it's going to rewrite it in
Cuban Spanish. And obviously if you
speak Spanish, you can make sure that it
comes out the way that it wants it to
and you can adjust it. But um I speak a
very very small amount of of Spanish,
but I have tons of content that's in
Spanish. Um I'm in Florida. I'm only
licensed in Florida, so a fair amount of
my business is Spanish. So, uh great
question.
>> Yeah. What part of Florida you in?
>> I'm in Jacksonville.
>> Oh, okay. Yeah, I'm in Tampa. So,
>> love Tampa.
Uh me